I'm so glad you made it to the end of the course and you're probably wondering what course should I
take next, I get this question a lot from students, and I wanted to write you a quick guide, an overview
of the other great classes I offer at any time.
You can go to Lindsay Marsh at my portfolio, Dotcom, for a full list of courses.
You can watch preview videos there to find out which class might be best for you.
There's even a discount list you can find at the top of my website that will give you access to lower
priced course discounts at any time.
First of all, I offer a few different categories of classes and some at different skill levels.
If you're interested in beginner level courses, the graphic design master class learn great design
is a great, well-rounded course for reviewing graphic design, including graphic design theory, practical
projects and beginner level software training.
This teaches the Adobe Design software.
There is a second intermediate level part to the graphic design master class series called the Graphic
Design Master Class Intermediate the next level.
And the next level, it truly is, as we talk more about intermediate design topics and projects not
covered in the first master class, like infographics, advertising and poster design, and includes
a full intermediate level logo design process section, complete with a 10 step guide, the golden ratio,
isometric grids and so much more.
And taking the first beginner level master class is not required to enjoy this intermediate level course.
Just having a basic prior working knowledge of the Adobe Design software is suggested.
Not interested in learning the Adobe Design software, I also teach a design class that teaches all
of the affinity suite of products, including software that can replace illustrator Photoshop and design
and as a cheaper alternative for those looking for an alternative to Adobe products.
Have you ever wanted to have one course that walk through all the details, the branding process, including
brainstorming concepts, creating style boards, producing a finished logo and then going all the way
to the full brand presentation for a client and then one for your portfolio?
This intermediate level course takes your basic knowledge of software to the next level by providing
you with theoretical aspects of the branding process.
We will walk through the creation of a sushi restaurant brand and discuss how to start coming up with
solid, authentic brand design projects that resonate with your target audience and clients.
This course is perfect if you've ever struggled with that brainstorming process and trying to figure
out where to start.
Interested in going freelance with your creative skills of a very extensive course that goes over all
aspects of freelancing in creative fields and will set your goals and your target market, you'll create
a personal brand, you'll build a portfolio, you'll learn how to find clients, create contracts and
learn how to price your work.
And I recommend this class for anyone who has ever thought that freelancing could be for them.
Also have two specialty courses that focuses on one topic, the first one is a specialty logo design
mastery course, which dives deep into the logo design process.
As we work with the golden ratio, we work with clients as we produce to full logo designs and create
finished files.
We'll also talk about logo design theory and learn Adobe illustrators awesome tools to help us create
dynamic symbols, icons and logos.
Have you ever wanted to learn how to create your own customizable mockups, this course taught and either
Adobe Photoshop or Affinity photo, depending on your software preference, walks through the basics
of setting up your very own mockups, including product boxes, T-shirts, bottles, posters and more.
We even learn the basics of Adobe Dimensions to create a fully 3D product mockup and presentation some
basic software knowledge as suggested before taking this course.
Looking for more intermediate level courses, the graphic design mastery course follows the entire brand
design process from logo design to website layout for a high end lotion brand will create all the assets
needed for a brand, including a package design, advertising, social media, stationery and more.
And it's a great intermediate level class.
How is this course different from the branding master class talked about earlier?
Well, this one focuses more on the technical aspects of design projects.
It talks more about how to set up your outboards sizing, exporting files and a little less focus on
the theoretical branding process.
Newly added, this digital design masterclass has a deep focus on digital design projects, including
icons, set design, social media, graphics and campaigns, e-book covers, digitizing illustration
assets and hands on assets, website design and WordPress and Adobe xD.
This is a great class for those wanting to expand their skill sets into popular and demand digital design
projects recommended for those who already have some very basic, fundamental experience in a Photoshop
and illustrator.
Other software is taught from scratch.
I also offer a great project based course that has both beginner, intermediate and advanced level projects.
This is a pure project based course, and we conquer lots of different popular design projects, including
book cover, design, food package design, branding for a conference which includes large signage,
lanyards, posters and more.
And we even do a YouTube thumbnail and an album cover if you want to stay up to date with projects,
design trends, course updates and also participate in student design challenges.
I have a lot of different social media accounts you can follow.
I have an Instagram account at Lindsay Marsh Design, a YouTube account at YouTube, dotcom slash Lindsay
Marsh.
And lastly, a Facebook page, Facebook dotcom, Lindsay Marsh design.
I try to give feedback to student projects.
I even try to post free lessons and videos from time to time, as well as do those student design challenge
review videos.
So I look forward to seeing you there.
Remember to check out my website if you're interested in finding any of these courses at a discounted
price and also keep an eye out for special deeper discounts that are offered periodically.
If you still have questions on what class might be best for you.
Please feel free to reach out to me any time and ask.
I'm happy to put together a personalized course plan for you.